Hey everyone. Man, I'm so nervous and also excited for what I'm about to share with you
It's a really important time for us here at Wong Fu Productions
and I just really want to be transparent and
Honest with you all and let you know where we're at, where we're trying to go and what that means for our biggest fans and supporters.
Today we're launching a Patreon page. We've been thinking about it for a while, but we thought that now was the right time.
Now don't freak out, this doesn't mean that people are going to have to pay to watch our videos nor does it mean that Wong Fu is in trouble
We're only doing this to enable us to do more than what we normally do here on this channel
So, nothing's going to change about the way you watch Wong Fu, if anything things are only going to get better.
If you're wondering what Patreon is, I'll get into that a little bit later
But for now let me give you a little bit of context.
This year we will reach the 15 year anniversary of Wong Fu Productions. We've been doing this a very long time
We've seen the YouTube and digital space overall change immensely over the years
and we've done our best to keep up with the industry and
with our fans.
Well with so many channels trying to shock and clickbait their way to views and with so many traditional celebrities making the
Jump over, channels like us who create original scripted videos are few and far between and honestly
We're kind of being pushed out. So now more than ever the power is in our fans to keep us going and growing
With all these changes happening in our world, fans and peers have been asking what's next for us.
A show off YouTube? Maybe Netflix or TV? Some people are even saying we should sell part of our company to investors.
These will all seem like very possible and natural next steps, but let's break each down really quick
So first, investors.
Now it's kind of crazy, but people have actually wanted to invest in Wong Fu, but for where we are right now
We've actually declined these offers because we knew that it would drastically change our content and the way we make it.
We'd have to transform into one of those channels
that have to like pump out a hundred videos a month or something crazy like that.
Sure it would be a great paycheck
But ultimately it would compromise the quality and integrity of the work
We do here at Wong Fu, and we just don't want to operate like that.
Now let's talk about TV and Netflix
while we would love to be able to tell our fans that we have a new show coming to Netflix or ABC this fall,
the truth is, for creators like us reaching a deal and developing a project with those platforms requires a multitude of variables
dozens of people that all have input and a lot of time.
You probably wouldn't even see something from Wong Fu for like over a year
And that's just not something that we'd be okay with.
In fact last year I actually went down that road pitching a show to big studios
It's a long, tough process with a lot of waiting.
Even when we did have our own big show, Single by 30
It was on YouTube red
Which meant a lot of our fans couldn't even watch it and even when we wanted to continue it YouTube decided against the second season.
We had no control over our own idea
We're not gonna wait for a studio or network to allow us to make a show to put our faces on screen
So we're just gonna have to make one ourselves
In fact, we don't just want to make one show, we want to make many shows
But the reality is, to make high-quality content you need money, so let's talk about that
We've never talked about this before, but there are actually about four main ways that Wong Fu generates revenue
Which all ultimately go towards making our videos.
The one that you're most familiar with is YouTube ads. Now a lot of channels can say that this is their main source of revenue
But because we're not some super popular daily vlogger with millions of views a day
we actually make very little from ads, so this has never been our main source of income.
The second way is through brand integrations and sponsorships.
Companies will pay us to make content that features their product in a natural way
And we actually really enjoy working with cool brands, but ultimately we're creating content for the company and not completely ourselves.
Number three is merchandise! if you've ever bought a t-shirt or something from our Wong Fu online store, that goes directly to supporting this channel
And finally, events and screenings.
Every so often we'll have a screening event or we are invited to speak at a university
And we'll sell tickets or we are paid a fee, and maybe we've seen some of you guys there
So that's how Wong Fu makes money and funds this channel
I think a lot of people might think that Wong Fu is like this really big company with a ton of money
But don't let those articles
About millionaire Youtubers misinform you
We typically work on micro budgets and save whatever we can so that we can put more money back
Into our own passion projects and the people who make them
Now that you know our entire situation
And our thought process the question is, if we want to do more and create more
But not rely on those four revenue streams or the slow studio system or investors, what can we do?
Well, here's our solution
We're starting a Patreon page
And we're calling it Wong Fu Forward
Wong Fu Forward is an extension of what we already do here at Wong Fu and will include a variety of initiatives and goals that
Will be free from corporations and brands. And in order to take on these new goals
We're reaching out to you, the fans and supporters, to give you the option to
Participate in this next phase of Wong Fu.
For those of you who aren't familiar with Patreon
It's a platform that allows people to pay a monthly membership in exchange for special perks and gifts
We know this is not for everyone and that's totally okay. This is just for those of you
Who are more invested in what we're trying to do here at Wong Fu, and all it's going to
Cost is as much as a coffee or a boba drink a month
Now to be totally clear, we are not using Patreon to just keep Wong Fu running as normal.
We're not asking for money to do more of the same
This is to enable us to take on new ventures in addition to what we already do
So what are some of these ventures? Well, our main goals are funding brand new series that are bigger than what we normally can do
Most of our channel as you can see are just sketches
But we want to make more series like Just Another Nice Guy or turn sketch ideas into full-on series, like Asian Bachelorette
We also want to co-develop and produce pilots with other creators.
This money will be shared as we help other Youtubers, directors, writers all tell their stories.
Speaking of developing, we also want to help foster new talent.
Searching for aspiring Youtubers or filmmakers or actors and musicians
Who need a little help getting their first project off the ground.
We want to reach back to help bring up the next generation
Which is why we also want to start doing community outreach programs, like at high schools and middle schools, doing workshops
Teaching students about the possibilities of digital media and the arts
All this for just $5 a month. And in exchange, members will get access to videos early
Exclusive live streams where we brainstorm together, invitations to events when we're in your city and discounts at our store.
You'll become part of our development process as we achieve these goals together.
So to anyone who's worried or sceptical, do not worry
We are not charging you to watch our videos
We are not changing our channel. If you're just a casual fan, and you can't pay it's all good
You can still enjoy Wong Fu the same way you have been for all these years
Wong Fu Forward is just for the small percentage of our supporters who want to contribute and be more involved in our process and our mission.
This is only for those who have the means to give and we are in no way looking down on those who can't.
We've just gotten so many comments from fans throughout the years asking us how they can help beyond buying a ticket or t-shirt here and there.
Well, this is how!
The last time we reached out to fans for direct support was four years ago for our movie
It was incredible to see so much enthusiasm
And we actually learned a lot about how best to handle campaigns like this
And we can't wait to work with you guys again. Like I said before, this year is our 15th anniversary
And as much as we've accomplished over a decade and a half, sometimes
I feel like we've just begun
We want to continue making an impact on people and creators in the Asian-American community
Which actually still has a long way to go in mainstream media.
Help us to continue to fight for representation in Hollywood and for quality content on YouTube.
Help us to do even more with our reach and our work.
Please click the links below to visit our Patreon page for more information about our program, the perks and the goals of Wong Fu Forward
Thank you guys so much